Russian politicians have organized
special meeting with foreign
journalists to ask them to create
more favorable image of Russia for
overseas discussion mood which has passed
Among the executioner was Vladimir Zhirinovsky about
what can we say if to
provincial officials 1 their
prints in documents destroys the whole
positive image of the country in catalysis
free personal city signage hang welcome
guests of the Tatar village
meets signboard come on the brute
that's the way it is translated now
name distorted by authorities
we have one typos for half a century only
now the government has given the go-ahead
correct this mistake rustic
suffering in reportage viktor bruise
come on cattle like this in this school
last lessons on local history
half a century since the sixties
some soviet official not knowing
Tatars took and confused a couple of letters
name of the tiny town
for 30 yards
sealed and innocent instead
Tatar hen Ivan wrote the document
nasty what van
the same go bastard was all with
what words we live ugly village
go cattle like someone like
living creatures in this village really missing
large horned at the same farid abakan
three cows and even home parrot but live
as in such a place, of course they suffered
passport from residence permit sought especially
do not show anyone we have already done here
so just striking out indecent and if
the guy from the village to the new army and give
God so that there was at least one Tatar
army served always teased gtt
we have cattle and here you go somewhere and
taught to do and they complain bowl
the patience of the village overflowed when
civilization got here in half a century
after bureaucratic slip on the bar years ago
here they built a road and hoisted it on
turning the pointer with the name
inviting cattle to run if that
a sign then they ripped us off the picture remained in
end village in the table at a rate of rearing
letter by letter villagers attacked
authorities letters residents of the village
dug into power for almost two years and all this
local school time
indecent expressed the teacher halva from
deaf corner of Tatarstan had to walk
until moscow question is it ok
go bastard decided in the government
Russia is not
for months an important piece of paper from Moscow
it's just been allowed back
called the village Kuraev
guest basin will call the table
prepare a concert with joy in the village
carbon already gathered citizens gathering true
disgrace to the local for some time
will have on all cards and in all
documents still indecent core
haibane however it is the little things the villagers
promised that the cards will change faster
what the cattle question solved
Russian authorities pointer you already
changed all the advice even brought new
decent print documents closer squeak
we have a beautiful way by the villagers
officially said the same passports
urgent change is not necessarily true to
this official is somehow not
listened
decided it was better to go to the district center than
live with what in the main document
Russian citizen Viktor
lord wounds